{
  author: Per Gunnar Jonsson,
  author_details: {
    name: Per Gunnar Jonsson,
    username: Dark Jedi,
    avatar_path: /https://secure.gravatar.com/avatar/cbabaea0fa98692d00130498d7ac5d7c.jpg,
    rating: 4.0
  },
  content: 
My god what a disappointment! The original movie had a script worth watching and some good action and special effects. This one, well this was a typical Hollywood script written by someone who either was incredibly stupid or just too arrogant to care. It is a script that I would expect from a SyFy channel production.

There was absolutely nothing that made sense in this script. The actual plot about Chernobyl that was ludicrous to say the least. I’m sure the special effects guys had a great day doing the car chase at the beginning but it was just exaggerated and silly to watch. Obviously there are no cops or anything in Moscow since they could drive around smashing cars forever without anyone seeming to care. They walk into Chernobyl and sprays some magic fluid onto the highly radioactive place and voilà, the radioactivity is gone and they can take off their protective suits. What a load of bull! They steal a car and drive to Chernobyl (which is around 1000 kilometres away and the roads in Russia are NOT western highway standard) and they still manage to get there in time to catch the bad guys who are in choppers. Not to mention the fact that they actually get near the place without being stopped. I can go on with this but it is only more and more depressing.

Oh, my favourite (sarcasm), Switzerland have obviously invaded France since Grenoble is now in Switzerland. Funny that I, who lives a couple of hours drive from Grenoble, have not heard about this. That is just so typical dumbass American script writer who have never set foot outside of Hollywood. Maybe it was supposed to be funny but I honestly do not think so and in any case, it was not funny.

The only reason this movie gets a 4 out of 10 star rating is because the special effects are indeed impressive if you can push yourself to look past the ludicrousness of them and it is Bruce Willis after all. It is a shame that they obviously handed the franchise over to some idiot(s) that obviously where utterly incompetent at what they were doing.,
  id: 5ae9d7ae0e0a26394e008aeb,
  url: https://www.themoviedb.org/review/5ae9d7ae0e0a26394e008aeb
}